Why.
####

:date: 2019-01-28 10:20
:tags: Edito, Personnel
:category: lifestyle
:status: published
:lang: en
:name: why
:slug: pourquoi
:authors: Sébastien Barbier
:summary: Mood ticket in relation to the creation of a personal blog, in order to set the context for the articles to come and to present my approach.

Here I am in a completely unexpected situation, writing a blog post while I have not written anything for years now. So far from my comfort zone, it is for me a rather perilous exercise and whose fear of failure terrifies me. This fear that blocks me so much initiative, today I decided to overcome it, and come what happens.

My name is **Sébastien Barbier**, and still presents me too often as *freelance web developer* from France. This label that defines a person by his job is what I try to change because it no longer satisfies me. From my experience I have learned so much more in recent years that I feel today the need to re-invent, to redefine myself.

By becoming a freelancer more than two years ago, I forced myself to practice "personal branding" to better introduce myself and seduce potential customers. I had to sell a flattering, desirable image, and a superficial finale that was not very real. Luckily, my knowledge helped me find my first customers and I never really had to worry about it before today. It is in this state of mind that I try to put somehow the foundations of this new project, but that will be my way.

I make a point of honor to give my values ​​and my beliefs, and so act accordingly. It is quite natural that this blog will be directed to what I consider to be mood tickets, completely transparent, and sometimes very personal. I hope to create a place of sharing where I will be able to present ideas, argue it, and hopefully open discussions. I would make a point of arguing, quoting my sources, and respect each opinion. No code of conduct, but a personal rigor that is important to me.

I also find an exercise in style to work on my communication, which seems to me to be a key skill in today's society. My ambition is to undertake personal / professional projects, and it is important to know how to communicate a clear and unambiguous message. As learning goes through failure, this is how I will be able to progress and hopefully improve myself.

If you want to know more about me, I want to update a `personal website <https://sebastienbarbier.fr>`_ with references on my work. I hope you will like it.

Thanks for reading me.
